You go to eat first. raw material. As for you, it's your turn. Yeah
I'm afraid you won't have this in the future
Then we all follow me
It’s also good for me to take a good look at your lower legs
Not in the Sanjiao area
Not why it's so good
What should I ask?
Remember what I told you before
king of kings
You're talking nonsense again
In the Palace of Heavenly Kings, I am the Heavenly King
It doesn’t mean that we can accept existence at all.
The whole general forest
I'm afraid only Mr. Long can accept it.
It's from His Majesty the Heavenly King's Palace
Do you want to say that Master Long is also your subordinate?
The dragons before and after are indeed my subordinates
The more you talk, the more distant you become.
If you don't want to say it, forget it
What I said is really good, good, good
Everything you said is true
my king
let's go